Fix/enable android mapping upload for minified builds (#1626)
getsentry/sentry-unity: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

### Fixes

> - Enable android mapping upload for minified builds ([#1626](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1626))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The automatic debug symbol upload for Android builds now also picks up the ProGuard mapping file. ([#1626](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1626))
```
